# NBIS Training Code of Conduct

Training is one of the core values of NBIS, and benefits from the contributions
of the entire scientific community. We value the involvement of everyone in the
community. We are committed to creating a friendly and respectful place for
learning, teaching and contributing. All participants in our events and
communications are expected to show respect and courtesy to others.

To make clear what is expected, everyone participating in NBIS/ELIXIR courses
is required to conform to the Code of Conduct. This Code of Conduct applies to
all spaces managed by NBIS including, but not limited to, courses, email lists,
and online forums such as Studium, GitHub, Slack, Twitter and LinkedIn. Course
organizers and teachers are expected to assist with the enforcement of the Code
of Conduct.

We are dedicated to providing a welcoming and supportive environment for all
people, regardless of background or identity. By participating in this event,
participants accept to abide by the NBIS Code of Conduct and accept the
procedures by which any Code of Conduct incidents are resolved. Any form of
behaviour to exclude, intimidate, or cause discomfort is a violation of the
Code of Conduct. In order to foster a positive and professional learning
environment we encourage the following kinds of behaviours in all platforms and
training events:

 * Use welcoming and inclusive language
 * Be respectful of different viewpoints and experiences
 * Gracefully accept constructive criticism
 * Focus on what is best to all those involved in this training event
 * Show courtesy and respect towards everyone involved in this training event

The NBIS Training Coordinator is responsible for enforcing the Code of Conduct,
and may be contacted by emailing [education@nbis.se](mailto:education@nbis.se).
All reports will be reviewed and will be kept confidential. If you believe
someone is violating the Code of Conduct, we ask that you report it to the NBIS
Training coordinator, who will take the appropriate action to address the
situation.

For an extended description please see the [ELIXIR Code of Conduct](https://elixir-europe.org/events/code-of-conduct).
